So much. Fresh one. Who are very big. Who are very tall, one, who are very good, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, An animal in serious danger of extinction the shoebill. They have their beak like a shoe. And it is imprinted on human beings. He was raised from a very young age to save his life He believes he is human, and for some reason, he selected me as his mate. But I am not your partner. I am your friend. How are you? If I bring him a branch, then I will get his attention. Because it is a way to show him the nest They pick it up They gather the branches to make the nest with me. Of course, take it. Yes. Yeah. Hello, everyone. Hello. How lovely my boy. How you've grown? You have grown so much. Precious one. You are very big. You are very tall. You are very beautiful. Beautiful animal, isn't it? An animal in serious danger of extinction. The shoebill. They have their beak like a shoe. And it is imprinted on human beings. Somehow this relationship you are seeing between him and me, the truth is that he is seducing me. He's inviting me to make a nest because since he was raised from a very young age to sit Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello. One, two, 3, check. Am I audible? One, two, 3. Hello. One, two, 3. Check. Hello? +1, 23. Check. Is it audible? Checking whether the mic is audible. Hello? We're very excited today to talk about effective speaking in spontaneous situations. I thank you all joining us even though the title of my talk is grammatically incorrect. I thought that might scare a few of you away. But I learned teaching here at the business school catching people's attention is hard. So something as simple as that, I thought might draw few of you here. So this is going to be a highly interactive and participative workshop today. If you don't feel comfortable participating, that's completely fine. But do know I'm gonna ask you to talk to people next to you. There'll be opportunity I I believe the way we become effective communicators is by actually communicating. So let's get started right away. I'd like to ask you all to read this sentence. And as you read this sentence, what's most important to me is that you count the number of f's that you find in this sentence. Please count the number of f's Keep it quiet for yourself. Three, two, Raise your hand, please, if you found three and only three f's. Excellent. Great. Did anybody find four? Anybody find only five out of six? Anybody find six? There's six f's. What two letter word ending in f did many of us miss? Update app. Hello. +1, 23, check. Vast majority of us in this room, very smart people in this room, were not as effective as we could have been in this activity. We didn't get it right. And the same is true when it comes to speaking in public particularly when spontaneous speaking. It's little things that make a big difference in being effective. So today, we're going to talk about little things in terms of your approach, your attitude, your practice, that can change how you feel when you speak in public. And we're gonna be talking primarily about one type of public speaking, not the type that you plan for in advance, the type that you actually spend time thinking about. You might even create slides for. These are the keynotes, the conference presentation, the formal toasts. That's not what we're talking about today. We're talking talking about spontaneous speaking. When you're in a situation that you're asked to speak off the cuff, and in the moment. What we're going through today is actually the result of a workshop I created here for the business school. Several years ago, a survey was taken among the students, and they said, what's one of the other things we could do to help make you more successful here? And at the top of that list, was this notion of responding to cold calls. Everybody know what a cold call is? It's where the mean professor like me looks at some students as what do you think? And there was a lot of panic. And a lot of silence. So as a result of that, this workshop was created in a vast majority of first year students here at the GSP go through this workshop. So I'm gonna walk you through through sort of a hybrid version of what they do. The reality is that spontaneous speaking is actually more prevalent than planned speaking. Perhaps it's giving introduction You're at a dinner and somebody says, you help, so I'm introducing. Maybe it's giving feedback in the moment. Your boss turns you and says, would you tell me what you think? It could be a surprise to you. Or finally Hello. Hello. During the q and a session, And by the way, we will leave plenty of time at the end of our day today. For q and a. I'd love to hear the questions you have about this topic or other topics. Okay. Hello? My testing. +1, 23. Check. Hello. +1, 23. What? Let's Okay. How do you get Do you mind if I change it? Hello, everyone. Cell or galley is responsible for deriving energy from it? Yes. You're right. That's the powerhouse of the cell. And if mitochondria. So today's video is going to be all about mitochondria. Mitochondria is a cell organelle that is present in all which are the cells that are responsible for the they are devoid of double membrane bound cell organelles and therefore, mitochondrial absent in the It is present in plant cells animal cells, and all different types of eukaryotes that you see around you. Which cell or cataly is responsible for deriving the food from it? Yes. You're right. That's the powerhouse of the cell, and it's vital for you. So today's video is going to be cells like bacteria, they are devoid of double membrane bound cellular catalase, and they is absent in them. It is present in blood cells animal cells, and all different types of eukaryotes that you see around you. Where inside the cell is mitochondria, inside the cell, plant or animal a micropodil can be found in the site plus Floating in the cytoplasm and the amount and the numb of mitochondria varies from cell to cell. So let's say there's a cell which is responsible for production of a large amount of glutamate. There, the number of mitochondria will be more than the cell, which is not really involved in the production of ATP. Another example would be cells that help in active Is a process by which substances or molecules are transported from their low to their high concentration. So For those cells which require to transport substances from their low to their high concentration, they also need a large amount of energy, and those cells are rich in mitochondria. Now let us have a look at the structure of a mitochondria. A mitochondria can have variety of shapes. It can be slightly elongated, round shaped, no. Microbondria, as you can see, you are is a continuous membrane. It is formable, and it has several protein channels through which substances can easily pass. The inner membrane of the microbegaly is shown in two spindle like projections called rusty. The figure like projections called Christie increase the surface area for enzyme and calcium channels. Close to the permeability of the cell membrane. If between the two membranes is a small space which is known as the peri mitochondrial space. This space So Inside the inner membrane is the matrix which is a viscous fluid that contains proteins inside the cashelms. Phytopenia is responsible for aerobic respiration. So the enzymes for trip cycle the enzymes for all the terminal oxidative processes, are present in these membranes and in the matrix of mitochondria. Inside the matrix, we also find a proper circular double stranded DNA. Now mitochondria is one of the very few cellular catalysts which possess its own DNA and its own ribosome. The DNA is a circular DNA as you can see here It's a circular DNA and it is double stranded. The mitochondrial DNA has been found to show a large variety of deviation. So a large amount of divergent evolution has been produced or has been showed by the differences that we see. Rating meeting meeting Increase the surface area for enzymatic reactions. The inner membrane is selectively permeable. Very close to the permeability of the cell membrane. In between the two membranes is a small space which is known as the peri mitochondrial space. This space is important in generation of ATP. Inside the inner membrane is the mattress. Which is a viscous fluid that contains proteins which are enzymes that do not aid respiration reactions. Mitropolias is responsible the for aerobic respiration. So the enzymes for prep cycle the insides for all the terminal oxidative processes are present in these membranes and in the backlinks of microorganism. Inside the matrix, we also find an paper circular double stranded DNA. Now mitochondria is one of the very big cell organelles which possess Hello, everyone. Do you know that all you have eaten your food, digested it, and sent it to your cell, which cell or galley is responsible for providing energy from it? Yes. You're right. That's the powerhouse of the cell and it's vital for you. So today's video is going to be all about Mitochondria. Mitochondria is a cellular deadly that is present in all the eukaryotic cells. Prokaryotic cells like bacteria they are devoid of double membrane cloud cell organelles, and therefore, vital organ is absent in them. It is present in plant cells, animal cells, and all different types of eukaryotes that you see around you. Where inside the cell is mitochondria present, Inside the cell, bound or animal, a mitochondrial can be found in the cytoplasm. Floating in the cytoplasm and the amount and the number of mitochondria varies from cell to cell. So let's say there's a cell which is responsible for production of a large amount of ATP. Hello, everyone. Do you know that after you have eaten your food digested it, and sent it to your cell, which cell or catalyst responsible for deriving energy from it? Yes. You're right. That's the powerhouse of the cell, and it's my to Andrea. So today's video is going to be all about Michael Montreux. Mitochondria. Mitochondria is a cell organelle that is present in all eukaryotic cells. Prokaryotic cells like bacteria they are devoid of double membrane bound cellular catarrhalies and therefore, mitochondria is absent in plants cells animal cells, and all different types of eukaryotes that you see around you. Where inside the cell is mitochondria present? Inside the cell, plant or animal, a micro mitochondrion can be found in the cytoplasm. Floating in the cytoplasm and the amount and the number of mitochondria varies from cell to cell. So let's say there's a cell which is responsible for production of a large amount of ATP. Then the number of mitochondria will be more, than the cell, which is not really involved in the production of ATP. Another example would be cells that help in active transport. Now what is active transport? You know that active transport is a process by which substances are molecules So those cells which require to transport substances from their low to their high concentration, they also need a large amount of energy, and those cells are rich in mitochondria. Now let us have a look at the structure of a mitochondria. A mitochondria can have variety of shapes. It can be small, you know, it can is a continuous membrane. It is permeable and it has several probitacious channels to which substance The inner membrane of the mitochondria is thrown into finger like projections called cysteine. The finger like projections called Christie increase the surface area for a dramatic reaction. Reactions. The inner membrane is selectively permeable. Or close to the permeability of the cell membrane. In between the two membranes is a small space which is known as the peri mitochondrial space. This space is important in generation of 